Gwenevere Abriel: So settling in this morning and see if you can find somewhere to put your I'm assuming it's your fun that stationary don't there's no rush. I, I imagine you're just waking up I self open a note. You can put it on books and kind of stack at around something
Gwenevere Abriel: Notes, so don't worry
Bryanna Terry: Living Room empty right y'all, we just moved in.
Bryanna Terry: All goes coach.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's in what's in front of you. There's no no bookcase or some coffee table of her box.
Bryanna Terry: No, just recording
Gwenevere Abriel: So what can you do because I get nauseous. I do this all day long I end up getting nauseous want to move it around.
Bryanna Terry: Um, I don't know. My fiance sleeping so I can go in the room.
Bryanna Terry: I don't really see anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so use your creativity. Look around, see what you can do.
Bryanna Terry: Why buy armor rest of my leg. I'm not moving.
Bryanna Terry: A tired this morning and
Bryanna Terry: Long hectic day for me yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where do you eat when you have Breakfast or dinner.
Bryanna Terry: I'm usually on our bed.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it was this a sudden move relocation.
Bryanna Terry: Um, well, we moved from my fiance's house to downtown nannies house.
Bryanna Terry: Oh,
Bryanna Terry: Kind of was unexpected, because it was up to his mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does that mean,
Bryanna Terry: Well, like the house was his values when she passed away and like his mother had control over who lived in
Gwenevere Abriel: And one of the dynamics between those two that you guys would be asked to leave. What's going on with that.
Bryanna Terry: Um,
Bryanna Terry: I mean, we haven't been asked to leave or anything like that. It's just, we're just getting settled in. But like
Bryanna Terry: Nobody lived in this house for a year and like you know she
Bryanna Terry: We don't mind helping with bills, you know, and stuff. And when we will read the House really belongs to his grandfather
Bryanna Terry: And so I'm like, you know, his grandfather's so we can move in. No problem, and didn't say we had to pay rent or anything. But then the other day, you know, and before I started working on this new job. I was only working with one client for they're going
Bryanna Terry: To pay $300 plus $70 for the electric
Bryanna Terry: See like why can't you just take $70 out of the 300 that we pay you, or you know, say, hey, I need help with the electric
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so there's something going on. There's some history there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Between your fiance and his mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so unexpected. It was became unaffordable and what's your rent where you are now.
Bryanna Terry: Oh, it's while we're here. Um, so, like, like the other day. We gave 115, you know, till they will help her out, like, what, what we can, what we, you know, can afford all that
Bryanna Terry: And plus, his grandfather never said we'd be right, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's owned, which means there's still taxes that have to be paid on a property.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right there's electricity. Sometimes there's water gas.
Bryanna Terry: Electric
Bryanna Terry: Like that. Where are the dresses are ours, and as long as I was around a well
Bryanna Terry: Electric well that's included with the electric. Amen. We live in a rural areas. We don't have to pay trash.
Bryanna Terry: And so it's just electric I think just oh and probing, YOU KNOW, WE PUT WE PUT MY FIANCE paid about like 200 and something dollars just for them to complete propane before we moved in, because there's almost empty. If we had no hot water.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what the taxes are out there. I know the property. I'm in is around $7,000 a year.
Well,
Bryanna Terry: I'm not too sure.
Bryanna Terry: Why they
Bryanna Terry: I know they own the land.
Bryanna Terry: Um, I think. And they built this house, the one that we live in.
Bryanna Terry: I don't know.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, you know, if you've never been a homeowner. It's not something people really are conscious of innocence and there's also homeowners insurance and minus 5000
Gwenevere Abriel: So, right. You think there's nothing going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's nobody there. There's things going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yeah, no, I mean, you don't you want to have an insured property. Most people do in case there's a fire or something were to happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: When there's property tax to so something you want to ask
Gwenevere Abriel: You to understand in case you're thinking, This isn't fair. Where's this money going
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you ever wanted to own your own home.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah. Eventually, but I don't know or want to settle down. Yeah, I don't
Bryanna Terry: Want to stay in New Mexico.
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is a short term.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's your Fiance's
Gwenevere Abriel: Recovery going
Bryanna Terry: Broke that he's doing real well. He just got a job as a cook, or one of our folks here.
Bryanna Terry: Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's take some time and review your goals. One of the things you identified was
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to function without substances. That's a very broad sweep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Word function, I might say functioning looks like this. Your neighbor, your mother you your fiance, a friend or cousin might say functioning looks like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're gonna share with me how you measure
Gwenevere Abriel: What functioning is
Well, like
Bryanna Terry: For me I couldn't like when I'm still doing drugs mixing meth and heroin couldn't go you know to
Bryanna Terry: Public places like shopping or doctor's visits or, you know, even to just the grocery store for long periods of time. I just freaked out. I'm doing everybody's trying to kill me or somebody was trying to kidnap me
Bryanna Terry: Right. And so I just have breakdowns and freak out and so functioning to me looks like, you know,
Bryanna Terry: Being able to live a normal day to day life without that paranoia.
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you noticing. Um, how long has it been since you last year's math.
Bryanna Terry: Um, it was
Bryanna Terry: Since July of 2019
Gwenevere Abriel: And any residual paranoia left
Bryanna Terry: No. No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're measuring function.
Gwenevere Abriel: He the absence of paranoia, the ability to go to a store and not
Gwenevere Abriel: Break down or freak out. You're saying
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, like I just run out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah. All right. And have you been going to the store. Have you been going to medical appointments or is that still stolen out
Bryanna Terry: Oh no, yeah i i love shopping. Now, like I'm always like, we need to go to Walmart. Oh, you know, I'm like why or because we live far from it but, or, you know, like doctor's visits i'm i'm make no I go easily I don't you know ever leave
Bryanna Terry: I stayed there for the whole thing, you know, with so it's been good.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was the last doctor's visit you went to
Bryanna Terry: School yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: What kind of doctor, whether you don't sound to it.
Bryanna Terry: Um,
Bryanna Terry: I think I worlds.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I see, I see a band on your arm.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where do they think that's coming from
Bryanna Terry: They can't do anything right now. They need a stool culture.
Bryanna Terry: And once that school culture than it takes 72 hours for them to, you know, cold dries it or whatever.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, and then they have to
Bryanna Terry: Like, find out what kind of warm it is to treat it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it that you weren't gaining weight or something.
Bryanna Terry: No. Well, like, um, I started seeing like real street things in my poop. Like, I thought I told my mom, you know, I'm looking at my mom's a registered nurse, she's actually
Bryanna Terry: Director when the hospitals at where I'm from, and I asked her, and like center picture, you know, the K. What's this, you know,
Bryanna Terry: And like she's like, You are what you eat. LOL. So I was like, okay, you know, cool. Nothing I, you know, whatever. And I have hepatitis C, so I thought you know my liver wasn't you know processing functionally
Bryanna Terry: Like it should, you know, and then yesterday while I was at work. Actually, I went to the restroom. And I looked down and I mean it was just all like a sack like this big with like a bunch of white dots in my poop. And then I'll full warm in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my. That must have been
Bryanna Terry: Or
Bryanna Terry: I was, I instantly freaked out FRIED MY cried called My fiance called my mom, you know, called my dad and then yeah, and like, and then yesterday, you know, like, just for them to tell me you know I wait this long. I just feel so disgusting. You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh no no no no no no no worries about that. That's not you, that's not you. That's all. It's just those you've got this little bite that those critters are like, oh, I want to hang out here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: So did you do any reading to see where they come from, what, what
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, well, um, we just recently discovered one of our dogs have the worms.
Bryanna Terry: Oh,
Bryanna Terry: We treated her and she's not. We look like we only noticed because one was like hanging out over but you know
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, well I freaked out at the NAB, and so we've been treating her you know we did three day treatment do warmer for her and she seems does not have any in her poop anymore, but it's just like
Bryanna Terry: Because I think the warm that I have is around room because the picture I have and what it looks like. Online looks
Bryanna Terry: And like they don't really have any symptoms you said coming out your, you know,
Bryanna Terry: Okay, so, and I think she had reforms to because it didn't look like a tapeworm, but it looks in online, it said it looks like a spaghetti. What you didn't look like hanging out.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, but it says like, they can be transmitted through like even the dog licking you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Bryanna Terry: My god yeah them being in bed with you and having them, you know, and I sleep naked so so that wasn't a good idea, like
Bryanna Terry: Just her just being in bed or, you know, like us, like
Bryanna Terry: She's pooped inside once or twice, you know, so I've cleaned it up and you know like contaminated feces even just like breathing it in
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Bryanna Terry: Okay. Oh, yeah.
Bryanna Terry: Bailey was like when you wear a mask glove it up.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta think about that to
Bryanna Terry: That's great.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, I'm trying to train
Gwenevere Abriel: My, my dog to just to sort of stay on this P pad. He's pretty good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, there's a lot of picking up and now I'm thinking, I gotta be. I gotta be careful of that too.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah yeah cuz they're like the doctors like, Are you sure did you have any foreign countries last three months, you know, and he's like, do you have any contact with people from China, like, no.
Bryanna Terry: Like, are you sure and then like, Well, you know, he told me the whole process. And he's like, is that okay. I was like, well, I asked you mean. Oh, I guess there's nothing else you can do.
Bryanna Terry: Um, but he was like, can I see the picture and all that. Yeah. Here you go. Because, like, if I have any questions, I'm like, I take a picture automatically
Bryanna Terry: smart girl. And so I showed him and he's like yeah for sure looks like worms.
Bryanna Terry: So, last night I spend all bleaching, you know, washing her she, you know, just trying to clean as much as I can.
Bryanna Terry: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: It sounds like it could happen to anybody and
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what's nice is when a physician can quickly diagnose it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it's difficult when we have to wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Um, so if the physician saying it's likely that it's this around worm. What's the treatment for it. How do you get that
Bryanna Terry: gone bad medicine for, um,
Bryanna Terry: I forgot. Today it's like men, men to bizzle or something like that and Elvin digital
Bryanna Terry: And and then also last night. My fiance went to Walmart for me and found some just some like for pinworms hookworms tapeworms.
Bryanna Terry: Just a little liquid that I drank. I will. We both drink, just in case he hasn't
Bryanna Terry: Been one person has in the whole household good should be treated so he got me. He will we drink it. It's like a little liquid, but it, what it does is it paralyzes them in your stomach.
Bryanna Terry: Lang more AIDS and that way you can put them out.
Bryanna Terry: And so I got
Bryanna Terry: I got laxatives with that and I'm hoping you know that that will help before I did, but I will also continue with the medicine, just to make
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so 72 hours now. Have you already dropped off of feces, or a physical specimen to the doc.
Bryanna Terry: No, not yet. I took off work today, actually, because, you know, I mean, I kind of feel embarrassed, but I don't want to be gave me a hat, you know, and I was, you know, look container to put my sample in
Bryanna Terry: Yes I Only be at work and be like, oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Bryanna Terry: So no, not yet. But I took a laxative last night and just getting up this morning, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, all right. So 72 hours for maybe today, you'll be able to drop that off.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, well,
Bryanna Terry: I'll drop it off today, for sure. Yeah, but, uh, no. But I, the only thing I struggle with is, I'm not from your, you know, so I haven't set up a primary care physician out here.
Bryanna Terry: For me to follow up with one
Bryanna Terry: Of them, so I think I'm just going to go to like one of the local clinics and see if they will see
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I was gonna ask about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So where you were getting this information was it from an emergency department or Urgent Care.
Bryanna Terry: Is from an emergency is that era or no.
Bryanna Terry: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you're going to take that specimen to a primary care back to the ED.
Bryanna Terry: Back to the emergency room and they have a lab there and then whatever position, I decided to go with go back over the regal to them.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, cool. So yeah, I mean you flip you probably have a Medicaid product right yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So you flip the card over column up looking for somebody get three names numbers and start knocking it out. Column C. And when the soonest available.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, so I'm gonna do
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, well, I have my primary care physician, but she's in Las Cruces, which is like 45 minutes an hour away.
Bryanna Terry: So,
Bryanna Terry: Nice closer. Yeah, just someone close and then it's good to, you know, while I'm out. You're just to get somebody set up for yes very
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm sorry that's happening too and I get. I get the embarrassment. Right. But my guess is it's I bet it's your dog.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, giving you
Gwenevere Abriel: This is, I mean, think about that direct contacts and so funny because I tell my family. I'm like, you guys just that dog on the mouse. I'm like, I am like, please do not do.
Bryanna Terry: You meet you My, my fiance shares his down popsicles with him. You know, like his wife to food and like links to pork after them. I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't anymore.
Bryanna Terry: I'm like, you know, and I'm complete opposite. I'm like, go back on the things you know I'm like, Okay, that's enough, that's enough, you know and and so he's like, but how do you have an i don't i'm like
Bryanna Terry: Because like I would like I freaked out when I saw that warm hanging from her. But the other day like that, you know, and then like I tried to grab it and I ran like jumped up on our bed was cowering in the corner. So I was like, why would this happen to me.
Bryanna Terry: Oh my gosh, the one
Gwenevere Abriel: Be careful. And, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's most
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dude. Dude.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, but we got her going on so
Gwenevere Abriel: And that'll probably helped to keeping keeping a maintenance that Dr.
Bryanna Terry: May.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have her
Gwenevere Abriel: And then more mindful of sort of washing hands, etc. Like you
Bryanna Terry: Said, Well, you know, since we live in a rural area. Well, she just runs free, you know, we have a half acre for her to just, you know, run so like
Bryanna Terry: We don't you know she did. Well, then other when she's in the house and does her little accident, you know, we don't have
Bryanna Terry: To go searching our land for who you know to look in so um. She's a, she's a German Shepherd Pitbull mix. So, you know, German Shepherds are real slender, so we thought she was just, you know, slender but me is probably the worms keeping nutrients from her even thought it
Bryanna Terry: Was like I felt like a like a real hungry, like, Well, I've just been eating and eating and eating like
Bryanna Terry: Like a bottomless pit and like real dehydrated. Like I drink my morning coffee No but like even right now my lip my throat is dry my lips are all mall and, you know, yeah. And like I just felt different off, you know, so yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those little guys were eating all good stuff, leaving you with nothing.
Yeah, exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm to go. Yeah, I get it. Oh, I know that's a hard thing and you know it's emotional because right we're like, why this. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we don't think that we're going to get something like that but
Gwenevere Abriel: It happened and it'll be it'll be, you know, the thing about sort of a traumatic event is we have trauma. Oftentimes, not all trauma, but some of it. We get some time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then it becomes funny. And it's not that funny right now because you're in the middle of it.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But eventually, eventually time after tragedy, you know, you wonder why comedian. Sometimes they'll talk about certain things, but it hasn't been enough time and you're like, yeah, that's too soon.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then
Gwenevere Abriel: Then enough time passes, you're like, you know, that's, that's kind of funny. I can laugh at that now, but we do need time to heal.
Bryanna Terry: Because, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's too close. It's not that funny.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, I know. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because someday you'll be able to kind of just be like, you'll look at someone. You'll be watching them the dog licks somebody and you'll be like, Oh, man. Yeah.
Bryanna Terry: Never again. Yeah, I know, but I really appreciate my fiance. You know, like, like I called him crying yesterday, you know, and upset, and he's like, it's gonna be okay. You know, it's not life threatening.
Bryanna Terry: You know, we'll see what we can get you after work united, he started looking at like natural remedies, you know,
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, like, you know, like garlic cloves. You know that said to get rid of them. You know, like coconut oil raw carrots.
Bryanna Terry: And he's like, we can go to Walmart. When I get off because he gets off like three hours later than I do.
Bryanna Terry: He's like, we can go to Walmart. When we get off, you know, see if there's anything you want to try. So you can start the process now and then, you know, that way.
Bryanna Terry: You don't feel so disgusting. He's like, you're not disgusting, but that way, you know, you can start it at least and then see what happens. And maybe, who knows. You'll care of them. By the time he gets medicine was like
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, what a sweetheart.
Bryanna Terry: Is he really is. He's a keeper. Yeah, he is definitely
Bryanna Terry: It.
Bryanna Terry: Is amazing that you have that support. Yeah. And then like when I get frustrated you know like want to give up, you just like, no, it's okay. Briana, like I was crying when he came on when you just like don't feel
Bryanna Terry: Good.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have
Gwenevere Abriel: So I've got this year thing. Sorry. It looks goofy and I've got some goals here. We're about time to take a look at them. So let's take a few minutes and
Gwenevere Abriel: I keep looking through this. This was very helpful. So to me, understanding what a regular sort of functional life might be for you. I am hearing in the background that maybe this event that just happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some stinking thinking came in them. Some cravings. I want to get out. I'm thinking of using is that what came up for you.
Bryanna Terry: Um,
Bryanna Terry: No, no, not really. I just like what came up for me was like
Bryanna Terry: No, not really. Like, I don't really anymore. Like, I don't think about wanting to get I like
Bryanna Terry: I don't like if I'm in, you know, a stressful situation I don't say like, fuck. You know, I wish I could get high. I just, it costs so much, you know, I would say like a
Bryanna Terry: Well, it's caused me a lot of damage you with my relationships with my family, you know that it's just not even something I think of anymore. Honestly,
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you were speaking consoling from your fiance. I thought I heard that that was part of it like feeling like
Bryanna Terry: Oh, no, no, I just whenever like I found out I had, I was like, oh, you know, just freaked out like just more worried that, you know, other things, living in my intestines.
Bryanna Terry: Right, you know, not like, oh my god, I can't handle is, you know,
Bryanna Terry: It's just this not like the life I want anymore. I don't want that, what comes with it, you know, the people whole act of it so
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let me put in here. Some of those
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll make a note of negative consequences that you identify
Gwenevere Abriel: Watching list those for me. Again, this will be useful. I always keep this running piece for the relapse prevention.
Gwenevere Abriel: emotional triggers relapse relationship triggers events situations healthy coping skills people I can call self soothing and care behaviors.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to put a little category here of negative consequences. They can be really helpful. Tell me what damage it did to relationship just quick I'll put damage relationship, but sometimes it's nice to hear a specific thing that happened that really broke your heart.
Bryanna Terry: Like with my parents like they always supported me no matter what. But I'm like, you know, one time I chose to take off with this guy. Well, my grandfather was in town from Texas.
Bryanna Terry: So like, you know, my parents are wanting and it was a guy like some past with anyways. Long story short, he ended up ditching me in a hotel.
Bryanna Terry: And I had to stay with some creepy dude. And I just couldn't take, you know, the paranoia anymore. So I called my parents, you know, and my mom, my dad was not going to come get me.
Bryanna Terry: But my mom forced him, and when he picked me up. I thought he was gonna hurt me. So, um, I ended up kicking him six times in the face.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was that you are still. Now, I know there's some some some pretty intense history with that in and of itself, but also the paranoia. On top of that, you ended up kicking your dad.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, sometimes in the face. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did it kind of leave some scarring.
Bryanna Terry: Um, no. Unfortunately, it didn't it just
Bryanna Terry: I had really like like soft boots on. So luckily, but it's still. I know it hurt him. And it hurt me. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's, that's, that's a good reminder of negative consequence that you were basically out of your mind right you were not you, your attic was running the show.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your whole brain wasn't working at that time.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's, that's a really solid one. And what about physical health. What do you think that the damage that's done there.
Bryanna Terry: Let's go to that 100 LA. I'm like, well, no days are pretty healthy, you know, I've got my weight back. And so, but
Bryanna Terry: At the time I was down I dropped. I used to weigh 220 pounds I dropped down to 160, you know, I mean, I was aware reward a size 14 Dorian size nine
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me your thoughts about that.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, I know. Like, I thought at the time, you know, I thought I look good. I was like, ooh, do you know where smaller clothes, you know, get to
Bryanna Terry: Got to wear a bathing suits are never, you know, two pieces. I never got to wear. But now I'm just like, Oh, I like so nastier like so unhealthy. You know my skin just didn't look you know like rejuvenate in my hair looked like it was just falling out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we got
Gwenevere Abriel: You were 160 and he said, hair loss.
Gwenevere Abriel: And skin didn't look good, what was described the skin.
Bryanna Terry: Well, like I'm like my nails and stuff would get like they get real hard and like my skin would get built up inside. So, you know, I'd always be chewing them. I just always looked oily because I was sweating, you know, all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the mess didn't do didn't leave any marks on it.
Bryanna Terry: Oh no. Luckily, well, like I would get, you know, like pimples and stuff and news really weird acne like disgusting really weird. But I didn't want to pick. Like I wouldn't pick my face.
Bryanna Terry: OK, there's my face so luckily I didn't pick
Gwenevere Abriel: Nails for hard
Bryanna Terry: And toenails.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you don't you don't attribute the hep C to to heroin. Yes.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, I do. I know exactly we're remind you
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just I it's interesting that like you didn't mention that part just now.
Bryanna Terry: Right.
Bryanna Terry: Oh yeah, right. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, because it's all big
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's a negative consequence don't think
Bryanna Terry: Oh yeah, definitely like well I know exactly where it can remove came from them. Fucking asshole well okay cuz
Bryanna Terry: I've used method, you know, heroin before but I only use like starting or no smoking and then I met this
Bryanna Terry: This guy who had huge negative consequences in my life. But like he gets everybody you try to, to try to shoot up like tried to use it needle like
Bryanna Terry: He lost everything and his life. So he just wanted everybody to lose. Theirs. And like
Bryanna Terry: Basically what he told me is like, I don't have enough for you to do a line or I don't have a pipe for you to smoke.
Bryanna Terry: There's not enough. You know, there's nothing for you to do a hot rail and but I do have this so I did make the decision. You know, to allow him to stick a needle in my arm but for the first year or so I couldn't even stick a needle in my own or
Bryanna Terry: He was the one doing it for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any other physical conditions as a consequence of substance use.
I'm
Bryanna Terry: still just a hippie.
Bryanna Terry: And while he was in prison and he was shooting up in prison and we share. Well, I tried to keep our needle separate all the time, but he would just make some. And I know that's where, that's where it came from.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about financial negative consequence.
Bryanna Terry: Well yeah like I lost a lot of jobs today because I was, you know, getting high on the job or
Bryanna Terry: Or didn't show up because I was, you know, having a paranoia attack.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't lose one that you're really disappointed about
Bryanna Terry: Which was, um, well it was out my very first job at a nursing home, and I was assuming I was making. I was making like my largest checkers 1200 dollars, you know. And then one day I combined spice in the math and I spilled a glass of lemonade on my leg. And they're like,
Bryanna Terry: Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right well
Gwenevere Abriel: The connection got bad there for a second. So something I was made. I got a 1200 dollar I still lemonade on my leg. Then what happened.
Bryanna Terry: And then they called me in the office who did your desk those was your favorite everything under the sun.
Bryanna Terry: And they wanted me like they told me to come back the next, you know, they sent me home. And then they told me, come back the next morning, but I just couldn't face like these, the reality of what I've done. You know like what was going to happen. So I just I just didn't ever go back
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about maybe long term career goals. Do you see if your substance use has has prohibited view from kind of having that
Bryanna Terry: Career the EVO med
Bryanna Terry: Well, definitely, like when I dropped out of college was right when I started to use, you know, well not right when I started, but I was already had been using for a little bit. But what was it, I had more freedom to
Bryanna Terry: Go to college. You know, I lost my CNA know I'm
Bryanna Terry: Like I just wasn't on the path to do what I wanted to do in life. And I know I have passion for, you know, which is you're giving healthcare and so like I just felt like why, you know, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what came before the socket, because that's a pretty common phenomenon, what was going on before that I in college when it happened.
Bryanna Terry: Well, like, well, here in New Mexico if like you don't get
Bryanna Terry: Tuition paid for until you have your second semester college. So the first semester I was full time, I was thinking about 18 hours credit hours you
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of work.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, oh my god was supposed to been paying making payments you know $500 payments to get me to with the next semester when it's called the lottery scholarship will begin. Um, and when I would you register for the next semester I found out he had agreed a single payment.
Bryanna Terry: Oh, you have to have it on your balance to be able to register for next next venture, you have to up your balance hundred thousand dollars. Well, I didn't couldn't pull 5000 I was that graduated high school at 1622 college credit. And so I was 17
Bryanna Terry: And full time student in college. So, you know, I wasn't working at the time so grateful $5,000 on my out
Gwenevere Abriel: How disappointing, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You hold some resentment towards your dad about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I imagine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those broken promises they hurt. Don't they
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, so I you know I wanted to, I wanted to school. I wanted, you know, but I just had no, there was no way
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, now it's it's not too late now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you really, it seems like you're still, you're still in that field right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So is there something within the next few years that you're kind of in the distance, like this is still something I want to do like out in the distance.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, all well in April. I'll be taking the Sunni classes to get my seen a back on. We didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me write a little goal for that. That's pretty cool. So you said in April. What are you doing,
Bryanna Terry: I'm gonna take this in a course in so we can get my teammates or station, but
Gwenevere Abriel: What tell me what
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what CNA stands for again.
For nurses
Gwenevere Abriel: certified nursing assistant
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so April's right around the corner.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've got the money for that one.
Bryanna Terry: Well, the, the place I worked at they're going to pay for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, so great.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah. And then I mean I want to check out you know options for school and stuff and see what I can do to get back into school. Okay.
Bryanna Terry: Because at the time, you know, I was under my motto for financial aid, I was under my mom's in Korea, and my mom, she just made too much money are we got like $250 and financially.
Bryanna Terry: Now I'm in my my under my own income so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I wrote a little goal you want to get your CNA
Gwenevere Abriel: reinstated. Is that kind of how you and said, How would you say it.
It sounds like
Gwenevere Abriel: Something happens I can come back to this one, and you, you know, we can remember because sometimes life can really throw you off course.
Gwenevere Abriel: But is it already a scheduled like you're already enrolled or something or you can just walk in anytime
Bryanna Terry: Get this time. Well,
Bryanna Terry: The class data set and I have my name on one of the spots are 30 reserved
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. That's exciting. Get back into the plan.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you'd mentioned when we first met that you received a diagnosis of bipolar disorder. And where does that show up for you, like, where do you say, oh, that's what this is, this is, this is that disorder or like where does it show up in your life.
Bryanna Terry: Well,
Bryanna Terry: I snap at people like my fiance really more or less I snapped him like, I'm like, I guess like doesn't do something I like, or you know something my way or you're arguing, like, then I can snap. Really, I can get real mean like
Bryanna Terry: It's I try to control it.
Bryanna Terry: Words trying to let more times or none. No, just like
Gwenevere Abriel: It's almost like you have this impulse this response. This I don't like this and there's no time between the stimulus. Right. And the response. It happens immediate
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, get you get snippy or mean you'd say right away.
Bryanna Terry: Okay.
Oh,
Bryanna Terry: And what
Gwenevere Abriel: What else tell me
Bryanna Terry: I'm like,
Bryanna Terry: Like I know like when things like are going good. Instead of like, well, well, I guess. Yeah, I had to get up yesterday. Very well, I tried it all, but like
Bryanna Terry: When I think, you know, these are gonna. It's a long story but like I just instead of like thinking of other possibilities. You know, I just freaked out. I think it's one thing and just like get all mad or cry or
Gwenevere Abriel: So an example would you say a recent one.
Bryanna Terry: Um, well, like okay so
Bryanna Terry: We have a sheet on our futon because you know the dogs get on it.
Bryanna Terry: Like his mom would come into our house, you know, and like to take some of our blankets, you know, she comes to put ice in our freezer.
Bryanna Terry: You know, while we're not hearing this different things so I couldn't find my white sheet elbows on my futon and I looked everywhere. I looked all throughout the house, you know, maybe a bag. I would have thrown it in and it wasn't there.
Bryanna Terry: What, though,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Bryanna Terry: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I got it. So the, the immediate response is really intense.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, how do you distinguish that from from modeling behavior. In other words, was that how you're a caregiver, a mother, a father, a grandparent, whoever was there sort of in your formative years
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that what was modeled for you.
Bryanna Terry: My god.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish it was your dad.
Bryanna Terry: Oh yeah, like anything like
Bryanna Terry: Would like anything just bothered him instead of like talking foods you know your screen, three more America like three minutes long, like yell at us and threaten us you know are toxic to us and
Bryanna Terry: That's still how you sustain my mother.
Bryanna Terry: So that's why I can't be around him, like, ever since. Like I turned 18 like I would just any like anybody's I could run. I would you know like I moved out with boyfriends or, you know,
Bryanna Terry: He like or I moved boyfriends in because we all use nicer around them. He wouldn't yell at me as much, you know, or, you know, so I just much like get away from him. I did and I had the opportunity even being 20 years i did i we can be around. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, the last part, I lost the audio. Did you say you got in this space with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: I caught. I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't hear. I can't hear you right now.
Bryanna Terry: Weird
Bryanna Terry: Will start
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll start fighting
Gwenevere Abriel: The audio is going really sideways. Right now I can't hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Possibly or your hands going over the place, maybe
Bryanna Terry: Maybe let me see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because right now, I just heard that maybe let me
Gwenevere Abriel: Say that clean
Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Bryanna Terry: We'll start finding really bad, like we feel driving me by my hair, you know, or like all
Bryanna Terry: Like punch ROOM IS JOHN AND I WANT US TO GET between us is pretty bad.
Bryanna Terry: Oh, well now like our relationships, a lot better. But like like
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, he's like, he sent me to the hospital couple time
Okay.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I noticed today that and maybe you noticed it to maybe some reservation about sharing, but somewhere along the line, you'd let it happen a little bit you know you opened up and kind of just let it out just a little
Gwenevere Abriel: I am here for that. I'm here to hear those stories and not only hear those stories. I want to talk to you about
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing some trauma work because
Gwenevere Abriel: We, you know how you're sitting now you're at home, you're nice and quiet. We had pretty good reception. I think we would be able to do it if we could get set up where
Gwenevere Abriel: What I've been doing with people if they don't have a laptop and most people don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Is I get. I get their phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we get we get to items like about this high, and we do this desensitization process, but I do need the bilateral movement of your eyes like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: See how we move back and forth, not really far where it hurts, but just a little bit. And that's only one piece of it. There's a you know quite a few sessions where there's lots of preparation and resourcing for you first before we would do.
Bryanna Terry: Something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But so over the next, let's say, two weeks, if you could start to maybe secondhand store something garage sale getting some sort of setup. We're in front of you, you could kind of prop your phone up, put some books or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then, you know, dollar store jaws here Dollar Store vas here so that we can have something to create about shoulder width apart. So, you know, shoulder width and we put those right next to the phone and then your eyes are able to do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we just this CMDR work because as I start to listen to you. I'm guessing you've got quite a bit of trauma back there and and
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, if you want to have a different experience of it. So it's not sort of stuck inside and sort of, you know, not letting it get you like short tempered
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this is this is a good way to do it. Yeah. OK.
Bryanna Terry: So the counselor. I had in rehab offered it but I love to soon. I love before you can do it on me. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's do it. So why don't we do, we'll do one tiny little piece. And we're not going to do the movement piece, but we're going to do the preparation part which again takes some some time, and we'll we're going to be developing
Gwenevere Abriel: Quite a few things. I'm going to share my screen with you so you can kind of see what I'm, what I'm up to. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So see right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: These the blue.
Gwenevere Abriel: These are some things that I want to be doing with you. So right here you see develop subjective unit up distress. So a thermometer.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to get a temperature reading. So for example, you, you just said something to me and I put it here, but I'm going to move at once. You tell me too. I dad drove me by the hair and my mom would need to get in between us. He had sent me one time to the hospital. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: How, when you have that thought how distressing. Is it so. Watch. See how it's zero to 100
Gwenevere Abriel: How distressing. Is it of the worst thing that's ever happened to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I randomly just threw it there, but um how distressing. When you think about it now.
Bryanna Terry: It's a worry about where it was.
Gwenevere Abriel: A really okay so right about there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's the emotion when you bring this imagery up of him pulling your hair, perhaps, or maybe the worst incident and you don't even have to tell me what it is. But when you think about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Um, what's the emotion you have. What's that word.
Bryanna Terry: What's the word
Bryanna Terry: Like angry because every time, like, well, most of our big boys was me trying to protect my mom you know him yelling and my mom screaming at my mom and I i would intervene, because I don't like my mom worked so hard, you know, and doesn't deserve to be treated like that.
Bryanna Terry: She was, she was living off my mom, you know, and just treating her like her. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're still together.
You
Bryanna Terry: Still do anything. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Still does the same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you you recognize the anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and you're putting in about a 70 and you can always change that later if we revisit this this memory. So this, this next part.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is Brianna is a little harder to get to. So just for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can, I'm closing my eyes to see if you can pull that memory up one of those worst pieces. The Worst Picture you have that type of behavior where you're angry. Sounds like you're protecting your mother and your father's being violent
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to see if you can identify what your belief about yourself is
Gwenevere Abriel: So difficult thing to get to some time. So maybe just free associated and tell me the thoughts that you're having. And let's see if I can help get you there. So when you pull this up in your mind. What are some of your beliefs and thoughts coming up.
Bryanna Terry: Are you ready, never
Bryanna Terry: Wanted to be like him, or no, I kind of you catch myself when I get angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm like him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay that is that like the worst negative thought right there about yourself. I'm kind of like
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, cuz like
Bryanna Terry: Here's a lot that I have in common with him like your to the way that I get mad when I'm angry, you know, to the way I thought people would agree. You know how easy I snap, I get it from him.
Bryanna Terry: Like
Bryanna Terry: No way, like, you know, the like words like call people and I'm mad, you know, again, angry, like Johnny my dimples.
Bryanna Terry: I mean, I like just like me and my mom.
Bryanna Terry: I like I have these personality, not my mom's you okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know so let's just picture that WORST piece right that Worst Picture that negative belief that's a negative belief you have about yourself. I'm like him.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm like my dad and all of that behavior aggression, violence, personality addiction to. Am I right, yeah. Is he he's
Gwenevere Abriel: A cocaine addict, I think, okay, I picked up on that and group so and so that's there. Now this one also difficult to get to. But this one, you got to pretty easily.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want to believe about yourself.
Bryanna Terry: I'm nothing like him and
Bryanna Terry: I kind of made my own choices. You know, like our
Bryanna Terry: Well, yeah, I'm not like him in that
Bryanna Terry: I'm
Bryanna Terry: Totally different person. But I know
Gwenevere Abriel: So, and this is an interesting thing. Many people can identify what they don't want to be don't, I'm not like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: They have a harder time identifying what they want.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the absence of that, what would you be, what would you believe of yourself. I am NOT WHAT I'M NOT I am
Gwenevere Abriel: What would be a delicious thing to think of yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Harder to get to, isn't it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, and so we'll, we'll work on that will come up with that positive cognition, but I wanted to give you just a tiny little
Gwenevere Abriel: Moment of, you know, because we were looking at some treatment goals and talking about a lot of things today, but I wanted to start to develop not only that
Gwenevere Abriel: Some I only need like three or four things in there, maybe even to sort of to understand
Gwenevere Abriel: When I see you. And if I check in. And I say, well, sort of, what's your subjective unit of discharge, what, how are you feeling. How you doing it. If you give me a 90
Gwenevere Abriel: I might say, Okay, let's let's do some emotional regulation. Let's bring ourselves down. So this is really good for me to understand how much you can tolerate and still be productive in
Gwenevere Abriel: In the end, or work. I don't want you so activated that you're not going to learn anything. I don't want to reach traumatize so I kind of need to learn where you are with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so there's a lot to do. And I don't know if you saw in there, but I want to develop
Gwenevere Abriel: Some imagery around a protective figure and nurturing figure wise for your one develop a container with the next time and the anchor room sometimes can take many sessions so that in and of itself can be a therapeutic intervention.
Gwenevere Abriel: And along the way, we'll be doing everything else, too. So a lot to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: But don't don't give up on this program. I know that there might be times where it might feel inconvenient.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I think you've got some good care going on here, these are these are these two
Gwenevere Abriel: All women are good very caring doctors. They really want the best for you. And while you're in this program. The, the MIT piece really keep showing up with therapy with me because
Gwenevere Abriel: This, this is affordable. It isn't going to you know it's it's not available all the time. So people this is pretty pretty accessible right in your home and all you need to do is
Gwenevere Abriel: Worship set up in front of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to drive anywhere. So I really encourage you to take advantage of it while it's here. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm happy to work with you. Looking forward to it. Actually, today, felt really different. It
Gwenevere Abriel: felt really like genuine
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you were really here.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know it's scary. It's like, what's this I don't know this lady, but she didn't say to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it takes time, you know, and you've had some people really let you down.
Gwenevere Abriel: And hurt you. And I'm not going to be another one of those people. Okay, I do my best to show up to schedule appointments, keep my part of the commitment and already showing you some of the ideas that I have about a direction. We can go
Bryanna Terry: So then that
Gwenevere Abriel: That short temper piece we can get some time in there so that you can feel like you have a choice on how you want to respond.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: This point, it's probably all just the amygdala and it's just the the unconscious running the show.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, um,
Bryanna Terry: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you need me to send a message to Dr. Solomon.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let me get that up here. All right, and your next group is when
Bryanna Terry: I'm not too sure I do work, or I'm off this weekend. So all all work Monday and I'll be off Thursday for all coordinate with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, if you're going to coordinate with me.
Bryanna Terry: Okay, yeah.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Why one the if you want to speak with after all. And then once your normal group is it typically the nine o'clock on Monday or Friday.
Bryanna Terry: Or whoa my normal, normal group is Fridays.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can't do that today. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you've got this whole thing going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. And plus, we
Bryanna Terry: Always. Well, I mean, I'm sure I could do it with
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, right now, they don't want it on the same day. So um yes when it comes to going to a makeup group, you're going to want to coordinate with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: He manages the medication that's basically it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm the one that says let's I was expecting you in group. All right. These are the times that are available. When can you sort of set up this this next group so people can visit some of my other groups that I run
Gwenevere Abriel: So he has one on Monday at nine. I have one Monday at one, I have one at seven in the morning on Tuesday for people that work and and I have a Thursday at 11 and then of course there's Friday at 12 so
Bryanna Terry: I will do Thursday at 11 we do. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for next what I'll do is I'll send a message. I'll say.
Gwenevere Abriel: For next week she plans to attend group, you gotta write this down. You're going to need to stick it in your calendar whatever right 11
Gwenevere Abriel: Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then, when are we meeting.
Bryanna Terry: Or or both or all over the weekend or mobile
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, when
Gwenevere Abriel: People ask you
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you're the other way around. Why don't you go 9am and see Dr. Solomon and groove.
Bryanna Terry: Well loaning 9am
Gwenevere Abriel: On Monday, he has a grip on Monday.
Bryanna Terry: You said you're all welcome well
Bryanna Terry: On this Monday about what all. Oh, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go back to this one. So we're back at
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's let me go with numbers because I'm going to get lost. I have February February 24 is Monday. Yeah. Okay. And you are the only day off, Monday through Friday is February 27
Bryanna Terry: Because you
Gwenevere Abriel: Are saying okay um
Bryanna Terry: And then I have the following Monday off since I was thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So then you'll go Monday, then that's when you can go to Monday, you probably going to want to write this down.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to remember all that
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so then you're going to go Monday for group on three two.
Gwenevere Abriel: at 9am So the problem is finding time for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: What time do you typically go into work. We're going to, I guess, carve out something early
Bryanna Terry: When I go into a or I mean sorry going to leave my house around 830 sorry 45
Gwenevere Abriel: What time can you meet because we need a fat 45 to 60 minutes to be productive.
Bryanna Terry: Hours on my lunch, but
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is, it's on you. You've got to make this decision I've told you so get into the solution. What can you do
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me when you're available. I mean lunch is fine, except I don't know whether you're going to be sitting in a bathroom stall. I mean, I have no idea what you mean I lunch. Are you going to make sure no one's around good lighting.
Bryanna Terry: Your have your will. Yeah, I mean, we have benches outside. I could sit out or
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember the setup. How are you going to have the setup for for doing this work on a bench. You see,
Bryanna Terry: I mean I one day I could wake up early, but my days are pretty cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what you want to do.
Bryanna Terry: I mean I guess I could wake up earlier me other than that my schedule is going to die.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what time and what day
Bryanna Terry: Um, I don't know what time. No, no, no, no, you're available.
Gwenevere Abriel: Propose it
Gwenevere Abriel: Briana to see you weekly for a month.
Bryanna Terry: So what
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got to come, you're, you're not giving me any information for me to say, Oh, I already have someone booked for that time or how I felt great. I don't have any information to work with.
Bryanna Terry: Well, I don't know what days. I mean, cuz my groups alternate so I don't know you know my groups are gonna have to alternate so I don't know what days. I can't get no
Bryanna Terry: Individual
Gwenevere Abriel: I think grabbing a piece of paper would work. Let's go grab a piece of paper. Let's write this out.
Gwenevere Abriel: So which early morning, can you meet and then I'll look at my calendar.
Bryanna Terry: All the Tuesdays.
Bryanna Terry: We don't have
Gwenevere Abriel: So I have I have group at which is a set thing at seven in the morning.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Just go. It would be really early. It would be your time six o'clock. I'm
Bryanna Terry: Sorry, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I have a set person there, I would say there's more flexibility on a
Gwenevere Abriel: There's more flexibility on a Friday or Thursday or Monday that kind of is a little bit more flexible. There's some there's people that I see, at that time, but it moves you don't. I mean, maybe I'm there at the point I'm seeing them a bi weekly so there's a little bit more flexibility.
Bryanna Terry: On
Bryanna Terry: Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what time do you get off work.
Bryanna Terry: You don't work out five but sometimes like pending.
Bryanna Terry: Sometimes I stay up late at 630
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this is this is I'm going to have to go into, well, I'm going to have to, I think, have you on call for next week, just because it's all booked. But I'm going to, I'm going to do is right in there for
Gwenevere Abriel: The book. How about for March 2 I can get you in there at seven on
Gwenevere Abriel: Monday, March 2
Gwenevere Abriel: And then don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Put anybody in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll have to, we'll have to do is, unfortunately, I guess we're going to have to connect and they'll write down which days.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll just have to, I guess, do an on call.
Gwenevere Abriel: For a lunch break, because if someone doesn't show up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why, how about this. What if I can you take lunch at a specific
Gwenevere Abriel: Time, like at one o'clock on Wednesday, February 26
Bryanna Terry: To get 12 because we start. Well, I work in activities. So we start activities at one. I tried to I tried to take my lunches wanting to know
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'll ask the client that I have here. I'll see if she's willing to move
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, up to one o'clock, and I'll see if I can put you in at 12 I'll talk to her. And so at this point right down February 26 for our next individual at 12
Bryanna Terry: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we got that. And then the next week we'll go to Monday early and this one as a lunch break, we'll probably just be doing some
Gwenevere Abriel: breathing techniques. Maybe we won't be able to do. Well, you know, it will still, we can still do some preparation, actually we don't we don't need to set up just yet. So that should be fine. Okay. So real quick, I'm sending a message. Do you need anything besides the buprenorphine.
Bryanna Terry: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and your next. Just make sure that we're good. Your next appointment is actually going to be
Me see what you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't. I still can't remember which group you're going to go to next week. Allison. That's the Thursday one. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, see you next appointments going to be February 26
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I better let you go because I might need clients waiting here, enjoy your day. Talk to you later. Okay, bye.
Good morning.
Erica Valdez: Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, good morning, how are you
Erica Valdez: I'm good, how are you
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. I see you're still walking around, are you
Erica Valdez: India. I'm trying to get to my kitchen. I just got done taking care of my baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's perfect. Um, you settle in. I'm gonna walk out for just a second, just because I've had a couple clients this morning. So you subtly, and I'll be right back.
Erica Valdez: And I have a doctor's appointment that I need to be at by 915 so we're going to have to make sure that we're done with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what does that mean, it means
Erica Valdez: We're gonna have to make sure we're done with our group by nine like we're supposed to, because I have an appointment for my newborn baby by
Erica Valdez: That I have to be there by
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah no I don't go over an hour.
Erica Valdez: Okay, yeah, just because we're checking in a little bit late, and I've been on since 715
Gwenevere Abriel: So, oh, no, no, you're fine, you're
Erica Valdez: Okay. Sounds good.
Erica Valdez: Out.
Erica Valdez: Just down to like 72
Erica Valdez: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, come on screen. So I can take a look at
Your money.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling better in a new place.
Erica Valdez: I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you feeling better than a new place.
Erica Valdez: I don't know what that means.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where do you live,
Erica Valdez: Where I had bought a new house. Yes. Just recently, but I, we had a fire from our last member we missed a meeting we had a fire in December, they took us out of our house. Now we're back home. So yes, I feel better to be back home shape. That's what your regarding to
Erica Valdez: You okay you know what doctor didn't call my prescription in
Erica Valdez: So I was without a prescription for a day and a half. Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's go see
Gwenevere Abriel: Go see what's going on with that.
Erica Valdez: And it's weird because he went from a week to four days, and then he called it in the day after our group and then he posted it for the 21st. So that's super weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay, so, um,
Erica Valdez: But I called the virtual clinic.
Erica Valdez: What are we today Friday.
Erica Valdez: Wednesday. Wednesday, it was
Erica Valdez: Ma. I'm sorry. My stupid phone. It's a new iPhone. So I'm trying to work it to
Erica Valdez: The I they said they took care of it. So I picked them up yesterday, but I was without them for two days. So I feel super sick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's probably
Gwenevere Abriel: Some irritability to going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yeah. OK, so I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to work around that.
Erica Valdez: I'm going to choose. Sorry.
February's
Erica Valdez: So I drew from our group is when he called it in and it was from a week to four days and then
Erica Valdez: He put like I said he posted it for the 21st. So that was super weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so maybe the part that is new for you, although it's been ongoing is your
Erica Valdez: I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're being bridged and that what that word means is you go to group. This is individual therapy, there's
Gwenevere Abriel: No one else
Erica Valdez: Correct. Right. And then we go to the whole group with everybody. Sorry, I turned you sideways.
Erica Valdez: Right, I wasn't holding
Erica Valdez: So what happens is
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll get a prescription in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just instantly in it depends on what you do. But most people, what happens is we do it for a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: It goes from
Erica Valdez: Group to individual
Gwenevere Abriel: You show up as you are now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Obviously had that fire and that and
Erica Valdez: I said to. So this is my second time. Correct. This is
Erica Valdez: My second time being with you alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so there was a miss.
Gwenevere Abriel: One last time. Yes, higher
Erica Valdez: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: What doesn't sound like was December but
Erica Valdez: No our fire was in December, but they came out and started doing the ritual repairs.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean,
Erica Valdez: They're still not even done you know my carpet still full with fire. I'm a master. So, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so just explain
Gwenevere Abriel: It sounds like when you mentioned those numbers.
Erica Valdez: 17th.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the 21st. That looks like a bridge. Now what I don't know what all he
Gwenevere Abriel: Does all I do is send him a message.
Erica Valdez: Programs slack.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let him know hey Erica showed up for her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Individual therapy, what he does. After that, I don't
Erica Valdez: Know for sure. I know that I don't monitor it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's clear. So, but what I don't get is why you are so you should never be without medicine.
Erica Valdez: That's what I said. That's confusing.
Erica Valdez: And then they like post dated it for the 21st was I couldn't pick up till the 21st. So that was the weird thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's what I don't understand.
Erica Valdez: You said you've been
Gwenevere Abriel: Out of medicine for for two days.
Erica Valdez: But it would have been chewed it would have been two days if I didn't pick it up last night. If the pharmacy didn't call me and tell me last night. So it's been like a day and a half, okay, Dan. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe when you I invite next time you're with him. See if you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Even if it's right at the end of group or if no one's there right in the beginning. See if you can understand sometimes it's a pharmacy and they do this. Eat prescription thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's not really calling in order. Sometimes it can go sideways there sometimes medicine. It gets pretty complicated. Sometimes there's only a an off label not brand name. I mean, there's so many variables that go on but it'd be nice to know
Erica Valdez: What what happens
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, because
Erica Valdez: To be without it it's it's really hard.
Erica Valdez: That's why.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're here is to not
Erica Valdez: Go into y'all, so yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So sorry that happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we are all independent
Gwenevere Abriel: Contractors. So we're kind of we don't always know what what what the other person is doing.
Erica Valdez: Yeah, because you guys are at a different stage. Correct. But wait a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know we connecting group and
Erica Valdez: Sometimes whole process cases of. Yeah.
Erica Valdez: All right. Don't don't learn today. I'm on the horn. Please stop.
Erica Valdez: Ask your dad. Sorry, my kids don't go to school, till nine so they're like, Yeah, okay. And they're 12 and they're asking you what choose to where I'm like,
Erica Valdez: value your opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so actually we. This might be the
Gwenevere Abriel: After the bio psychosocial. I think this is our first one so we really haven't had a chance to actually talk
Erica Valdez: Oh yes, because we didn't have all those questions. The last yeah that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so, and now you're let's be honest, you're probably in distress, you're probably not feeling great right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: There's not going to be a lot of
Erica Valdez: Therapeutic gain from
Gwenevere Abriel: Today, either.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Just kind of keep that in mind.
Erica Valdez: Because you're not feeling great. And I'm not feeling good. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly. So don't it's this
Erica Valdez: The emotion that you're feeling is
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to pass this will pass, you're going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel better
Gwenevere Abriel: When the medicine gets in your blood stream.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And I know you've got a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: So today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what you're going to you've got an appointment with your baby isn't it.
Erica Valdez: Yes, correct. Okay.
Erica Valdez: All right, and she's like foster baby so
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. How is that
Erica Valdez: It's actually going really good. I just talked to my attorney yesterday, and he gave us good news, which is really good. He's like, I'm actually going to just be permanent with you guys and we would have court March nine, so
Erica Valdez: Really yeah yeah she six she'll be six months when we go to court. But I've had her son since September 18 and she was one. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's still must feel
Erica Valdez: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: All the pressure of having to
Gwenevere Abriel: Get the house ready and you know all these people investigating asking questions and
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of pressure.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Where do you offload that
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a best friend is your husband as sources someone you can really talk to
Erica Valdez: Oh yeah, my husband, my mom and I have a good support.
Gwenevere Abriel: So glad
Yeah.
Erica Valdez: Maybe a dad taking you
Erica Valdez: Okay, Texas. Dad Army when you get to the bus stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's see. So this is our first session and let's first take a look at what your original goals are.
Erica Valdez: Come off of opiates.
Erica Valdez: Well, even the Suboxone actually I'm off of this opiate Samina nice, I have a withdraw, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're, you're on an opiate now.
Erica Valdez: I took when and honestly I don't even think I did anything because I have this inbox, me, me. You get what I'm saying my so I know it's like a 24 but with everything and my body the way it was. I took an opiate. Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um, how much did you take
Gwenevere Abriel: 10
Erica Valdez: No, I took like a 2020
Gwenevere Abriel: Milligrams. Was it a
Gwenevere Abriel: Percocet and I couldn't
Erica Valdez: It was an oxy cotton.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so right because
Gwenevere Abriel: buprenorphine so sticky it on those opiate receptors.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know how much effect, like you said, you've probably been
Erica Valdez: Nothing I didn't sleep. I was
Erica Valdez: Pretty bad
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so well now you kind of know firsthand. Once you're on the
Gwenevere Abriel: First thing you really want to stay on it so
Gwenevere Abriel: Just to review if something
Gwenevere Abriel: goes sideways like that literally log into virtual clinic, you can call bride her and health.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just let them know something's going on here. I know my dog say I know my doctor's office this
Erica Valdez: Sure, I did call and the lady said, Well, the best thing for you can do right now because everybody's out of the clinic is go to the hospital and they'll give you your medication is what she told me
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know who said that
Erica Valdez: Um,
Erica Valdez: That doesn't sound like such me
Erica Valdez: Was the lip maybe five for tiny little Vietnamese yeah she wasn't
Erica Valdez: Try seen her maybe twice on the virtual clinic when I log in. Usually it's like a Hispanic girl that answers, but the last two times it was like a little Vietnamese girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so just so we're clear, um, you have had given morphine today.
Erica Valdez: This morning, correct.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And how many milligrams
Erica Valdez: Eight milligram
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and what time like I'm trying to see if it's in your system yet.
Erica Valdez: What to me right now 820 or woke up at salmon.
Erica Valdez: At like 715
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Yeah. Yes. Should be. You should start to feel it pretty like now.
Erica Valdez: Yeah, I mean, I kind of failure actually getting here and then I feel like a little bit more, you know, like I can't breathe, you know, but I still feel really irritable. Okay.
Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you, I got you. Alright, so just checking in the goal, the large goal here the overarching goal when it comes to the medicated assisted therapy. When you originally came in was, I want to come
Gwenevere Abriel: On opiates and eventually off of marijuana
Erica Valdez: Well, and it's the Suboxone actually that I really want to come off of a marijuana might just always be something man. I have to do it. You know, it's
Erica Valdez: It's medicated it's from a doctor. So, you know, it's not that I do it legally. So yes, that'll probably be either long term or if I do decide to stop. Yes. That'll be something to no longer be
Gwenevere Abriel: So modified the goal, based on what you just said. Let me just show you what I just did.
Erica Valdez: Okay.
I put
Gwenevere Abriel: I put opiates and I put a slash Suboxone so heroin.
Gwenevere Abriel: percocet Viking autopsies.
Erica Valdez: Or something. Yes, I'm listening to
Gwenevere Abriel: Our all short acting opiates.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay buprenorphine is a opiate it's an analgesic
Gwenevere Abriel: It is a strong analgesic. It is a pain reliever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's just, it is a long acting so it stays on those opiate receptors about 24 to 36 hours. Okay, that's why you can just take that one dose to take it in the morning and it lasts you all the way through. For some people they wake up and they notice a little bit of sweating or they
Erica Valdez: Might have been noticing that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's normal.
Erica Valdez: And I told Dr. At our last visit that I actually even been having to open another one and take a little piece of the night because I and I said it when we were on our last virtual meeting to with all of us that I've been having such a hard time falling asleep.
Erica Valdez: I've been so sweaty. I feel nauseated. I just feel like I feel right. Yeah, we, you know, without the medication. That's how I was feeling so I that doctor. No, he said he was going to give me a call and after our last visit he didn't give me a call.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so something still hasn't settled.
Gwenevere Abriel: Correct. And it's a very rare client that
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, after the first month, unless there's been sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: How it's hard to put this. Let me phrase it a different way. When you take
Gwenevere Abriel: That additional medicine on your own. That's in a treatment. Consider self medicating because it's against the doctor's
Erica Valdez: Orders, right, you got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: A prescription that it's this. Now your situation. Right.
Erica Valdez: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is still unstable you we had a missing prescription you ended up taking
Gwenevere Abriel: A SHORT ACTING opiate here's your you're still feeling some withdrawal is still haven't settled in a good, a good stable a moment yet so that right now. I would say, Let's not even worry about that. Let's just get your stable.
Gwenevere Abriel: But in the future we'll take a look at, you're going to run out.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you end up self medicating you'll run out of medicine, you won't have a little bits that you're going to need
Erica Valdez: Correct.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's going to be super inconvenience for you.
Erica Valdez: Yes, so
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll go into
Erica Valdez: Bits of list this ya know okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: The other goal that you had mentioned when we very first met was be outside more talking with people.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now we have time. And I know you're irritable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just see if I can have a little better understanding of what that means. What does that mean,
Erica Valdez: Just to be outdoors work usually either side.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, but it's the West people. I'm curious about
Erica Valdez: Just talking more to keep blow. I usually just talked to my family. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how many months or years, have you just been doing up
Erica Valdez: Maybe a year.
Erica Valdez: Maybe a year and a half, probably
Erica Valdez: Been aware right
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you think that became a habit like during the drug use, like you got used to kind of withdrawing for people
Erica Valdez: Yeah. Um, I think you had to do with a lot with like
Erica Valdez: Like anxiety and depression and probably yeah from the medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so some anxiety.
Gwenevere Abriel: And some depression.
Erica Valdez: Well just just being irritable, you know, around people. And I think maybe it was from being overly medicated on opiates, you know,
Erica Valdez: When you're not when you're not taking I guess the right amount of pills.
Erica Valdez: And you're
Erica Valdez: Very like
Erica Valdez: pissed off at people. Yes. It usually makes people happy. But it makes them also numb. You know, I don't care what anybody says like that talk. We had the other day.
Erica Valdez: It's just like whatever ignore them, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah you related to that word placating right
Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Opiates have been. You'll have to tell me. Has it been
Gwenevere Abriel: An ability to ignore and be numb to things that
Gwenevere Abriel: Are going on around you. Has that been the case.
Erica Valdez: Yeah, that's okay. Pretty much, yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's pretty common. Many people do that.
Erica Valdez: Like you withdraw yourself with people, you know, been on there for someone
Gwenevere Abriel: And then the numbness from feelings. So if you had to say which feeling the opiate numbs you from that you like the best. Which is the feeling you really don't like feeling
Erica Valdez: Like play Katie, like we said just ignoring everybody and just not really paying attention to them.
Erica Valdez: That's what I gets the most because they can tell you over and over and you're just like, whatever, you know, they're like, are you listening to me. And you're like, why are we not listening to them, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so is there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let me list a few of the big
Gwenevere Abriel: Emotions, there's
Gwenevere Abriel: Anger.
Erica Valdez: I had that
Erica Valdez: Opiates anymore. That's why I came off of it because my
Erica Valdez: Husband's like you're the devil. And I was like, and I was really noticing. I was super angry. Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's joy that's sort of happiness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's fear which has a lot of cousins.
Gwenevere Abriel: It has
Gwenevere Abriel: antsy anxiety nervous.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right concerned worried. Those are all related to fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: And their sadness and a lot of people identify, they won't say I'm sad, but they'll say depressed.
Erica Valdez: Or angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Erica Valdez: You've identified angry right
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a lot of other emotions, but
Gwenevere Abriel: These are some big ones.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you were using in your addiction right which which emotion. Would you say you were trying to avoid feeling
Erica Valdez: Joyful.
Erica Valdez: Probably
Erica Valdez: You didn't want
Erica Valdez: You didn't want. Well, don't because I was always high heels. You know it either way. If I was other pills. I was so angry. You know, maybe it was just that the way it made me. I don't know.
Erica Valdez: It was really like a horrible.
Yeah.
Erica Valdez: I mean, at first, of course, when you take them for what you're supposed to take them for that you start to abuse. And of course, that's when it all goes south, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And you notice that
Gwenevere Abriel: In your marriage, your husband said you're, you're the devil here.
Erica Valdez: I was
Erica Valdez: SO ANGRY. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. And before that you really hadn't registered, there was any
Erica Valdez: Real problem and no
Erica Valdez: It was just a normal daily daily thing, you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that anger is a real sign that something's up
Erica Valdez: Correct. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's good for us to know in here to that might be a assign a red flag that
Gwenevere Abriel: Something's going on, and you've got some of that already really now, but we're going to attribute that to withdraw right now.
Erica Valdez: Yeah, and I actually since I've been on Suboxone I've actually been out more I cooked dinner more, you know, I'm actually doing a lot more things like I'm not just love to the couch just grouchy and not wanting to do anything, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and took tell me what
Erica Valdez: I mean, click a full course dinner.
Erica Valdez: Feed your family, should I say
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, no, I got you. I heard the word to okay
Erica Valdez: But it'll cook.
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot more sense. All right, got it. That's great. Alright, so once we get you stable. I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta tell you, I've been doing this about
Gwenevere Abriel: With these guys for about two and a half years and
Gwenevere Abriel: It is, yes, to having such a great impact on people's lives. But we do stable so
Erica Valdez: Where I see some of the girls that are tapering down and they talk so highly advise them like they're doing so I like yes I do see it, you know.
Erica Valdez: In group obviously some of those guys that are on there. They just make me my very that's when I like to get irritable. I'm like, What, wait. Oh, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So some
Gwenevere Abriel: Of them are inspiring and there are some people in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me how they make you feel when when you listen to them.
Erica Valdez: As to which one
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I don't know, I just, I was listening to you, tell me.
Erica Valdez: So listen, like the girls that are inspiring or the the gentlemen's that are like really making irritable, which one you want me to talk about
Gwenevere Abriel: Both I like both.
Erica Valdez: Okay, so I don't even remember her name, but she's been tape read for weeks now, she just says that she feels better. She looks like she feels better. She does say that she feels groggy, sometimes, but I like hey if she can do it. I can do it, you know.
Erica Valdez: And then some of the gentlemen that are on there. I just like nobody really wants to hear about your surgeries are your you you know just, I like that is sickening. You know, we are all fighting their own battles and we don't want to hear yours, you know,
Erica Valdez: For I mean I know that's what were there for what I just like some of it is way too much said
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so in other words you're hearing people's surgery coming up. He is talking about. It seemed like none of your business. Kind of thing like
Erica Valdez: Well, just the way they say it. You know, it's just like you know you're on group with 20 people if that you know you're talking about your deck and surgery and your
Erica Valdez: You need more Suboxone and I'm just like you were here to taper. We're not here to continue to go up, you know, we're like, I don't know, but
Erica Valdez: I got it. Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I think, I think I know what you're talking about.
Erica Valdez: But I mean, other than that. The webby and and some of them in better are there that are saying that their tape or even a photo. Good. I'd like yes I got that he had no okay
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so it is a
Gwenevere Abriel: There is both sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe leaving into some of the things that that help support you and then also being able to hold space because a group is a really unique environment. Sometimes we're taking we're taking in information and feeling support other times we're holding space and listening for someone
Gwenevere Abriel: And they take so
Gwenevere Abriel: That you'll notice your role changes right when there's these gals that are like really kicking butt, you're, you're sort of being that sort of absorbing that positive inspirational.
Gwenevere Abriel: Information and other times, you're going to be kind of just holding space because everybody's at a different stage.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of correct insight, their ability to own their truth take responsibility and so it's just sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Holding space for someone else. Maybe patience is needed at that point.
Erica Valdez: So that's when you play Kate, I guess.
Erica Valdez: Don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's cute though.
Gwenevere Abriel: The whole list is about really seeing that you have a choice. We can say, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's active listening saying I get because it would be horrible to be looking at a surgery when you're chemically dependent. Imagine you were going to go to a surgery. And now, what would you do, you're already on the subs.
Erica Valdez: Well, how you actually get to have surgery to I get my tubes tied March.
Erica Valdez: 17 I think so. I also need to talk with you guys and see what the heck we could do for that too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but, but there are things we can do. And so as long as there's communication. So you. So in one sense, you could say, well, I don't really like the specific
Gwenevere Abriel: Medical discussion but and maybe it made you think, huh. This is a real concern. I'm going to need to stay in communication with my physician with my
Gwenevere Abriel: Clinician here and get some preparation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around that and
Gwenevere Abriel: And the next time you talk with them. Make sure you bring that up to
Erica Valdez: Okay. Okay, excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Pros and Cons of group.
Gwenevere Abriel: By some of the females as they taper.
And then didn't really like caring about some of the medical conditions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and then you're aware that you're able to cook full meals and then you said something about going outside and talking to people. What's a little story we've talked to someone that feels a little
Erica Valdez: Carrying full conversation. You know, before it was just real short. Oh, hey. Hi, you know, are you know just walk past them as they're talking to you, you don't. Nice. Now, I'm like, Okay, you don't know where you are, how you bad
Erica Valdez: I see. Okay.
All right.
Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm just curious about the
Gwenevere Abriel: oxy code on
Gwenevere Abriel: It is that leftover from procedure.
Erica Valdez: No, actually I got that off of somebody yesterday. Okay, or the day before Tuesday. It was Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you don't have anything left in the house to 10 I
Erica Valdez: Don't. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, because, you know, let's face it, if I'm let's say trying to not be tempted by whether it's an alcohol or a substance and I still have it in my cabinet.
Erica Valdez: We're really be
Gwenevere Abriel: It's gonna be really hard to eat chocolate. Right.
Erica Valdez: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: My cover, um, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So we get a lot of information and our triggers are a great deal from what we see.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if we at least don't have
Gwenevere Abriel: That or even the role of the sound of the bottle or the smell of something
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to help us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of, hold on, and not have that craving so
Erica Valdez: What do they call that out of sight, out of mind.
Yeah.
Erica Valdez: Very
Erica Valdez: Good, thanks. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's see what
Else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's schedule another appointment.
For next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: When is your next group.
Erica Valdez: Every Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you'll be there Monday.
Erica Valdez: And then after, when does it start going monthly or do we always stay weekly
Gwenevere Abriel: Now it'll, it'll go down. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's put together a month of consistent attendance because you still
Gwenevere Abriel: Have it
Gwenevere Abriel: I know this is hard to believe, but
Erica Valdez: It's like I've been on here, five times. I'm just kidding.
Gwenevere Abriel: What this is supposed to be here. You still haven't been able to get yet because you're in so much distress.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or we're not going to get much therapeutic benefit from this, you'll probably just sort of walk away, barely remembered meeting with me. It's been so so uncomfortable for you once you're stable, you're going to see that you're going to have time to really address
Gwenevere Abriel: Relationships.
Gwenevere Abriel: Asian feelings. I do trauma work with my clients. So you haven't quite been able to develop that trust and rapport with me yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you will once you're feeling better. So give yourself a chance. I just, I just, I feel bad for you because you're missing out today from it because we're kind of like you're on your miserable.
Erica Valdez: Yeah, for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it'll get better. So the but the basic structure is let's get a consistent months together, will we look at it again. We'll move it to every other week.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll go to
Erica Valdez: To monthly. OK. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: But so that's that's our goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm struggling with right now is trying to figure out a time to meet
Gwenevere Abriel: To meet next week I'm challenged, is there a possibility.
Erica Valdez: I can do email. So if you have Sophie, where you want to squeeze me a little. The evening I eat dinner about 430 so I'm free anytime after that, I know you probably don't want to work after that, but they need if you need a squeeze me. Right, right, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a real house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, how would it be just for this next week that I call or text you on an on call basis.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it's a little awkward, but I
Erica Valdez: Am going to pull. Now that I have you on the phone. I'm going to pull my, to my calendar down or maybe
Erica Valdez: I do have this foster baby. I do.
Erica Valdez: Have my own adoptive parents let me see what I have and then we'll go from there too. Yeah.
Erica Valdez: So I only have Mark, do that. I have something to do on the 26th and the 27 okay as so I need the 24th and 25th, or the 28th. I couldn't do anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what I'm writing is
Gwenevere Abriel: On call
Gwenevere Abriel: And of course will do group on the 24th. So I'll say five which is the Tutsi and I and then Friday so basically Tuesday.
Erica Valdez: Friday on call.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tuesday and Friday on call, which just means look. The reality is, I only have about a five minute window. I know that seems insane but I wait about 1015 minutes to see if people are going to show up for their appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I might text you and say, hey, can you kind of free in the next hour, there's a possibility. I may have and then you just can say no I'm out shopping or no. Yeah.
I might work.
Erica Valdez: And did
Gwenevere Abriel: You just log in.
Okay.
Erica Valdez: And I every time I log in with you. I use the 765 830 number right
Gwenevere Abriel: And then number
Yeah.
Erica Valdez: Okay.
Erica Valdez: Just making sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, they still want you to check in, in case there's a copay or something.
Erica Valdez: Oh, okay. That's what it is.
I'm ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's do
Gwenevere Abriel: This one, though, who can be set march forth
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you have anything march forth at nine in the morning, that could be a set date that at least you won't be on call the
Erica Valdez: Following week
Erica Valdez: I just have a pre op appointment march 3 so march forth
Erica Valdez: Yeah, is open.
Erica Valdez: I said, at what time
Gwenevere Abriel: at 9am
Erica Valdez: Large portions need to call me.
Erica Valdez: I just gonna write it in my calendar so cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I'll just do on call for next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if I have an opening, even in the evening. I'll see if I can, I can find time for you. I have other obligations in the evening. But let's see what we can do.
Erica Valdez: Okay.
Erica Valdez: All right. Hey, just added it all set.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so I will see you Monday on group. And then, did I already send the message. Let me see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Medication for Erica and for
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone else sent in. So he already sent her medication and it looks like
Erica Valdez: Yesterday,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, he just sent me. He's just sent me it your time 830 so he must have said something in
Gwenevere Abriel: To get you maybe to group on Monday, I don't know.
Erica Valdez: Oh, maybe because I only had a he'll be called in before, so I will be out the week. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this so this medical he just did it at 830 this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so
Gwenevere Abriel: He can see when someone checks in a virtual clinic so he probably just did it without checking with me. So why don't I ask him.
Erica Valdez: Yes, please. That way I eat without it. And I don't have to call back and you don't fight with the pharmacy virtual clinic.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll just say, to be clear,
Gwenevere Abriel: If she picks up her order. I don't know if you can do it on the same day you picked up the one you just did maybe tomorrow or something.
Erica Valdez: Yeah, that'll be fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so she picks up her order tomorrow, will she have enough to get to her Monday group just want to know what's there for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what he says.
Erica Valdez: I mean, he might be he
Gwenevere Abriel: Might not be able to get back to me but
Erica Valdez: I mean, if he does, you could always send me a text and then, you know, hey, he took care of each other, and if not just
Right.
What he says
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes they're sitting right there at the computer, you know,
Yeah.
So, so I'll just say
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so she says
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you're, you're good.
Erica Valdez: Okay, awesome.
Erica Valdez: Thank you. All right.
Erica Valdez: Take care. I will see you might be at risk and
Gwenevere Abriel: It. All right.
Erica Valdez: Good luck. Bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: So next week on call Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fifth, and Friday the 28th. And then individual therapy scheduled for March 4 at 9am client recommended to discuss PLAN SURGERY coming up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there seems to have been a problem with her medication. Please note that client took a 20 milligram oxy codeine bought off the street, over the last couple days she took one
Gwenevere Abriel: She just took eight milligrams this morning about seven
Gwenevere Abriel: Of Suboxone still appears
Gwenevere Abriel: Blood level not reached yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: And has been taking more of her buprenorphine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then is prescribed it might be part of why she's running out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please transcribe that